Docs update regarding dataframe access (#4922)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/strategy-advanced.md

    If the data is pair-specific, make sure to use pair as one of the keys in the dictionary.

## Dataframe access

You may access dataframe in various strategy functions by querying it from dataprovider.

``` python
from freqtrade.exchange import timeframe_to_prev_date

class AwesomeStrategy(IStrategy):
    def confirm_trade_exit(self, pair: str, trade: 'Trade', order_type: str, amount: float,
                           rate: float, time_in_force: str, sell_reason: str,
                           current_time: 'datetime', **kwargs) -> bool:
        # Obtain pair dataframe.
        dataframe, _ = self.dp.get_analyzed_dataframe(pair, self.timeframe)

        # Obtain last available candle. Do not use current_time to look up latest candle, because 
        # current_time points to curret incomplete candle whose data is not available.
        last_candle = dataframe.iloc[-1].squeeze()
        # <...>

        # In dry/live runs trade open date will not match candle open date therefore it must be 
        # rounded.
        trade_date = timeframe_to_prev_date(trade.open_date_utc)
        # Look up trade candle.
        trade_candle = dataframe.loc[dataframe['date'] == trade_date]

>         # trade_candle may be None for trades that just opened as it is stil lincomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # trade_candle may be None for trades that just opened as it is still incomplete.
```
